YAROD - Yet Another Round Of Docs (#3274)
tenzir/tenzir: web/docs/setup-guides/use-the-app/README.md

## Get to know the app

The app consists of the following pages. We'll briefly explain what they are and
then work with them.

### Overview

The overview page allows you to manage your nodes and pipelines.

![Overview](app-overview.excalidraw.svg)

After you've created a node view the [configurator](#configurator), it will show
up in NODES. You can click on a node and will see all pipelines from it in
PIPELINES.

### Explorer

The explorer allows you to interact with your data by [running
pipelines](../../user-guides/run-a-pipeline/README.md).

![Explorer](app-explorer.excalidraw.svg)

#### Run a pipeline

Write your pipeline in EDITOR, hit the *Run* button, and analyze the result in
SCHEMAS and DATA.

#### Deploy a pipeline

Create a "managed" pipeline by hitting the *Deploy* button. You can only deploy
*closed* pipelines, i.e., it must have a
[source](../../operators/sources/README.md) and a
[sink](../../operators/sources/README.md) operator.

### Configurator

The configurator allows you to create a node-specific configuration file and
download it.

![Configurator](app-configurator.excalidraw.svg)

Follow INSTRUCTIONS for a concrete sequence of steps to deploy your node. Once

> your node connects, you get a notificatio nand see it in [overview](#overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your node connects, you get a notification and see it in [overview](#overview).
```
